the entire world is a collection of
memoranda that she did exist
and that i have lost her this is our
story
tessa's and mine
we're like an addiction to each other
with equal parts pleasure
and pain you hurt me and i can't forgive
you
tessa i want another chance
[Music]
i'll try whatever it takes harden's your
son
but he is not without his challenges
[Music]
is he sorry
can you hold the elevator please ask
what
tessa welcome to vance publishing she
makes quite the impression
wow
i didn't peg you as a bad boy type let
me ask you this
are you in love with him you're never
gonna trust me
trust you where has that ever gotten me
i thought that things were getting
better but
i don't know how to fix it there is no
you're tessa anymore
[Music]
this thing between you and it's not
gonna end
whatever our souls are made of his and
might are the same
there's no one else for me tessa no one
[Music]
you